Mind Gem
Very Rare Material

While holding the gem, you can use your action to crush it in your hand, creating a psychic wave. All creatures within 60 feet of you must make a DC 17 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure they take 6d6+4 psychic damage and become unable to use either their bonus action or reaction until the start of your next turn, depending on what they choose.

Each time you use this feature, the gem becomes more damaged and cracked, making it lose value and increasing the DC for crafting the Overmind Crown by 2.

The Gem is permanently destroyed after you use this feature for the fourth time. 
Can be used to craft the Overmind Crown with a successful DC 25 Jeweler’s Tools check, also requiring 7 500 gp in resources and 7 days of crafting time. If you fail the check by 10 or less, you lose only the resources, if you fail by 11 or more, the Mind Gem is destroyed as well.


----


One of the very earliest designs created using the core fragment technology, a bright lantern that doesn’t go out and that doesn’t require active use of magic to charge. A delicate, yet simple tool, were it not for the fact that it does more that meets the eye. The first major utility this item was found to provide, is that produces such a light in which inert magic is visible, so it detect surrounding magic and what contains it, which proved itself to be more than useful, as it even highlights otherwise unnoticeable veins of core fragments. Also, it seems to be able to create a flash of scorching blinding light, which started to see use as defence mechanism for miners once the attacks of Underworld denizens became more prominent. It is strange that a mineral were to have such a property, unless it had some levels of sentience and tried to actively defend itself, but since our miners were never “flashed” by the fragments during mining it is probably a misconception, unless it wished to be mined.

----

Psionic Stimulant
Uncommon Consumable 

“A viscous purple fluid found in the ganglia of certain creatures with inherent psionic powers. Its release into their nervous system allows them to gain control and empower their natural abilities. With careful preparation, it can be injected into the spine of a non-psionic creature, giving them a short-term psionic capability.”

As an action, you can inject this stimulant into your spine, giving you these benefits for 1 hour. 

You can telepathically speak with a creature that you can see within 60 feet of you, but with you both only being able to speak in a language you know. 
Once per 10 minutes, you can cast the Levitate spell on yourself without needing any components or spell slots 
You can use your action to telekinetically move any object that weighs less than 1 lb.  within 60 feet of you that is not worn or carried up to 30 feet.

----

Toothy Tendril
Rare Ammunition (Arrow/Crossbow Bolt), Range (120) Requires Attunement

Deals extra 1d6 piercing damage. 
Return unto your Flesh. This special piece of ammunition looks like a long thin fleshy tendril with a jagged toothy point at the end. 

When loaded into a bow or a crossbow, parts of the Tendril wrap themselves all around it. When you make an attack roll with the Tendril as ammunition, it stays tethered to the bow or crossbow, travelling to the maximum range of 120 feet, after which it immediately returns back and loads itself into the weapon.

Due to its unique nature, the Tendril has these following properties. 

Instead of using it for attacking, it can also be used as a projectile rope with a grappling hook attached at the end. 
When you use it to hit a movable object that isn’t worn or carried and weighs 5 lb. or less, you can immediately pull it to yourself along with the Tendril.
When you hit a creature of your creature size or smaller with an attack made with the Tendril, you can force them to make a DC 14 Strength Saving Throw, pulling them 10 feet towards you on a failure. A creature can willingly choose to fail on this saving throw.
(Recharge 5-6) Before the target rolls for the saving throw, you can use your reaction to make them also fall prone on a failed saving throw. 
When you hit a wall, ceiling, a reasonably immovable object, or a creature of larger creature size than yours, you can pull yourself 10 feet towards it. This movement triggers attacks of opportunity, but they are made with disadvantage.

----

Flesh-Infested Plate
Uncommon Armor (Half Plate), Requires Attunement 

A suit of armour that is covered in regenerating bloated flesh and pus. When worn and attuned to, the pus-filled flesh starts spreading over your body as well, creating a hideous protective layer.   

Once per short rest when you are reduced to 0 Hit Points while wearing this armor, the flesh on it explodes and showers those around you with poisonous bile and brine. All creatures within 10 feet of you must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw, taking 7(2d6) Poison damage on a failure and becoming poisoned until the end of their next turn, or only half the damage and not being poisoned on a success.
Each time you finish a short rest or long rest, your body becomes covered in the layer of flesh, giving you 5 temporary hit points that last until your next short or long rest.  

---

Squirming Skirmisher
https://rudokstavern.com/archives/9131


Festering Lancer
https://rudokstavern.com/archives/9136

----

https://rudokstavern.com/new-home/marketplace